hi this is susie sampson talking to
americans today about the recent straw
poll iowa had their straw poll and now i
have mine let's find out who will be the
next American president what does the
iowa straw poll mean to i honestly have
no idea what that is I have no idea I
don't know where to start with this I
just see that nearly times about all the
Rennie's if you will know what I it's
just it's just a little funny name I run
the run ease I think it's kind of funny
that people would just go ahead and have
straws to pay candidate I would think so
too but it's called the iowa straw poll
michele bachmann's pink Romney's blue
Rick Perry's orange and ron paul's green
don't know much about each candidate so
you go for let's say mauve moth I don't
even remember all those names ron paul
he seems to really stand on the
Constitution and what we believe in his
arrogance he's like the Statue of
Liberty on top of the Constitution doc I
see that Kurt he is the lady in green so
you pick Mitt Romney okay why did you
lack Mitt Romney like color blue well
that seems like a good reason to pick a
presidential candidate i guess i would
go with rick perry you go with Rick
Perry Weiss why's that
yeah I don't know Huck's mean if you're
very liberal I'm surprised a yeah that's
all he's their conservative very
conservative I'm personally I'm
Republican oh so you're not LeBron I'm a
liberal I am like I'm there I'm very
confused the liberals don't agree with
the tea party um I feel like some of it
might be um they might kind of consider
it radical or something me radically
great we had a tea party in the 1700s
but we took a break